README for the Data Mine

LEGAL

    For the duration of this copyright statement, 'this software' and
    'The Data Mine' are taken to mean all original files distributed with
    this product, and the arrangement and other original work related to this
    product.

    License

        This software is copyright 2003 by Jonathan Hayward, and licensed
		and licensed to you under the your choice of the original Artistic
        License, which should be present in the file doc/artistic.txt, and the
        General Public License version 2.0, which should be present in the
        file doc/gpl.txt, or the MIT license.

    Warrantee

        Jonathan Hayward makes no warranties, express or implied,
        regarding this software.  In no event shall Jonathan Hayward be
        liable for any consequential, special, incidental, or indirect
        damages of any kind arising out of the license of, use of,
        or inability to use any software or product covered under
        this license, even if Jonathan Hayward has been advised of the
        possibility of such damages.  This limitation of liability and
        risks is reflected in the price of this software.

PURPOSE

    The Data Mine is a search engine meant to provide high-usability and
    powerful access to documents being searched. It does not search the web,
    but local files provided to it. It is meant to help the user find materials
    quickly.

INSTALLATION AND SETUP

    Basics

        * To install, run "./install" and answer the questions provided.  This
          will run a Unix-flavor install-style script and should create a
          working, out-of-the-box installation when supplied appropriate
          values.

        * See USAGE below if are curions about how to use the Data Mine.

        Setup and Customization

            The Configure link at the bottom of the Data Mine search page
            provides a menu you can use to customize the data mine.

            The main engine is intended for anyone to be able to use; the setup
            pages are written for techies. If you aren't sure what a regular
            expression is, for instance, ask someone who's more technical.

        Security

            The present release of the Data Mine has not been closely
            scrutinized for security, and should be treated as such by
            security-conscious administrators.  If you discover a
            vulnerability, please contact the author at
            jonathan.hayward@pobox.com with details.

            You are strongly encouraged to change the password in
            /usr/share/datamine/password.

            The default installation sets
            /usr/share/datamine and contents
            to a relatively permissive mode.  Administrators are encouraged to
            set directory and contents to mode 700, owned by the
            effective user ID that CGI scripts will be running under. This
            is usually apache or nobody.

USAGE

    The Data Mine is designed to be run as a straightforward web
    application, with much administrative activity performed on-web.
    Once it is set up via the Configure link, just explore.

        http://[your hostname]/cgi-bin/datamine

    (That is the location provided by RPM installation and the default for the
    provided installer. The provided installer allows you to specify another
    location; if you specified another location, substitute that for
    "/cgi-bin/furball".)

NOTES

    Payment

        The Data Mine is linkware. It is available to you free of charge.
        If you like it, I would be very happy if you would visit
        http://JonathansCorner.com and consider linking to it.

    Bugs

        For security-related concerns, see Security above.

    Contact

        The author can be contacted at jonathan.hayward@pobox.com, and
        maintains a website at http://JonathansCorner.com. The current version
        of Catch the Furball may be obtained from
        http://JonathansCorner.com/etc/datamine/.
